A core value that I’ve integrated into my career is the notion of *kaizen*, or “continuous improvement.” As a former project manager, my primary role was to interface with clients throughout the web development life cycle, and coordinate their needs across multiple departments with a high degree of organization for on-time deliveries. After communicating in-depth with development teams, I was inspired to pursue a more thorough understanding of web development and bridge the gap between the client side and the development side. My path has lead me to come full circle as a web developer, and I enjoy the ability to take ideas and code them into meaningful solutions. In the ever-changing tech industry, my focus to leverage my project management background to be a versatile team player with a strong knowledge base on client-facing interaction. 

Brendan:  Nicely done!  I think you could make some minor changes to strengthen the story's connection to your opening statement.  For instance you might consider phrasing this sentence: "After communicating in-depth with development teams, I was inspired to pursue a more thorough understanding of web development and bridge the gap between the client side and the development side." something like this:
"After communicating in-depth with development teams, I realized that a more thorough understanding of web development could improve my ability to bridge the gap between the client side and the development side."
Rephrasing from *being inspired* to *realizing that you have room for growth* feels to me like it could better tie in to the notion of kaizen as you phrased it in the first sentence.  Totally subjective though and just a suggestion- it's definitely good as is.
